readtags: canonicalize the input file name based on CWD ptag (#3304)
universal-ctags/ctags: docs/man/readtags.1.rst

By default, the output of readtags contains only the name, input and pattern
field. The Output can be tweaked using these options:

``-C``, ``--canonicalize-input``

> 	Reduct '..' and '.' in input fields of regular tags.

Reviewer: I suggest using "resolve" rather than "reduce" because we are not just deleting `.` and `..`s.

Also, I think it's worth noting that the canonicalized path is unique (so we can compare them).

```suggestion
	Resolve '..' and '.' in input fields of regular tags.
	This produces a unique representation of the input path.
```
